add(designation): software engineer (#98)
mayadata-io/culture: job-roles/lead-engineer.md

# Lead Engineer

## Overview

At MayaData we believe that the best way to deliver storage and related services to containerized and cloud-native environments is with containerized and cloud-native architectures.  Everything we do is focused on providing data agility and simplifying the daily operation of Kubernetes SRE’s and DevOps teams using Kubernetes as a data layer.  We enable our users to handle complex data management operations easily, and we have become open source leaders in building Kubernetes into a first-class data platform.  

Lead engineers are the first level full time engineers at MayaData with exceptional knowledge on product and technologies used. This provides the change for individual to grow from team level to across multiple teams and company. Below are the expectations from them in-general irrespective of the kind of job role. They are also expected to fill the [sr software engineers](sr-software-engineer.md) related ones.

> ### Expectations

Reviewer: Can we push it by one level? E.g.

```
## Expectations
### Process management
```

Thank you

Author: Moved one level up and repushed changes after rebase

- Project level check for required E2E coverage

#### Technical management
This is about expectations on technical skills required for the role.
- Analyze market trends on technologies, products
- Learn new technologies and train the team
- Listen to new learnings from company and guide them on chosing one that match our requirements
- Identify trainings, knowledge sessions across company
- Motivate team in writing skills like blogs, whitepapers etc
- Identifing our persona needs and add to product backlog

#### Customer/User engagement
This is about expectations on engaging with users/customer support.
- Make sure required trainings happened with support team
- Make sure dev/E2E teams have enough time in their tasks by empowering support team in solving user/customer issues
- Avoid any escalations from customers with timely and apt response
- Review RCAs and improve its format to convert them to product backlog
- Being active and leading few interested feature areas in other related opensource projects

#### Social media engagement
This is about building self technical image on social media which in-turn increases that of company.
- Completing surveys

> - Strong adovacy of component you worked in other mediums like K8s channels, or other opersource channels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Strong advocacy of component you worked in other mediums like K8s channels, or other opensource channels
```
